so anyway my five-year-old Alex oh no
talking stop global warming sorry you
babbling idiot can we talk about my
bowels is this your first colonoscopy
gross invasion to my previous see this
way don't they get you in the back come
back then what terrible thing to say in
a hospital Hey
real quick gotta hit you up for favor I
don't feel well did anything unusual
happen during my procedure how you died
I died Paulo seven minutes a bit less I
died for seven minutes less everybody
dies I was dead which is why we're still
here we might retain you wear what you
died in at least they look nice
everybody needs something done you're
the only person who can see your hereís
it's my daughter she's back off Marjorie
I found him first
this is a bad time you want your quiet
life back I'll make you do my wife my
widow should get married into a bad bad
guy somebody's gotta stop this you do
this for me you'll never see any of us
ever account okay from DreamWorks
Pictures and spyglass entertainment that
woman lives in my building
Bertram Pincus DDS who you are is a
little bit of a jerk shoes your shoes
are comfortable but I knew you were
gonna come off scary I'm not scary this
fall you're gonna have to stop and ask
yourself the ultimate question this
business of being such a jerk
what is it really getting me oh I'm
gonna get the next one
let me silly get a pad of the ladies
resist that wrap ears this is how we do
it baby
see you like you're talking no right now
is that what you want me to believe
Quinn white in a whole new light hmm the
smell I know a very sensitive gag reflex
oh ah ghost town
oh if I see one more whinging zombie
anyway no we're not zombies zombies feed
on human flesh that's offensive
[Music]